Threats have been around long before any of us walked this earth,
and as long as we exist and advance as humanity,
the threats we face will only continue to evolve,
so we have to be ready for that always.
At some point, almost every security professional will have to answer questions like,
what are the greatest cyber threats we should be concerned about as the world evolves,
and how can we find and fix these advanced issues, and super important,
how do we respond, not if,
but when we eventually face a security incident or breach?
I hope you're excited to dive into learning this area of
cybersecurity because it's an awesome skill set to build.